1.Enter the user name and password on the sign in page to see if it is navigating to the landing page as signed in.
2.Inspect whether an appropriate message is displayed when the user enters an incorrect user name and password.
3.Enter an email address that has already been registered. The user should receive an error message that the email address already exists.
4.Leave one or more required fields blank. The user should receive an error message that all fields are required.
5.When the user enter the credential in the sign up page verify whether all the credentials are matching the requirements( user name - string with no spaces, length of at-least 8 characters).
6.Enter very long input fields, such as 500 characters, for all fields. The user should be able to register successfully without any error messages.
7.Inspect whether an appropriate message is displayed when the user enters an incorrect user name and password.
8.When the user enters the password, it should not be less than 8 characters; check whether it accepts less than 8 characters.
9.When the user enters the password, it should contain one special character; check to see if it accepts without one.- The password should not include any spaces.
10.When the user enters the password, it should contain one special character; check to see if it accepts without one.
11.Check whether the landing page displays a button or link to a "Sign-in" page when the user is not signed in.
12.When the user signs in, verify to determine whether the user's name is displayed on the landing page.
13.Check the landing page for a sign out button or link after the user has signed in.
14.Verify that the app launches without any errors and displays the latest news stories on the home screen.
15.When a user signs into the app, examine whether it displays “Hello world” pop up on the landing page.
16.Verify when the user provides the information in the sign in page, the status code should be display the response as per the requirements.
– 200 – user is authorized
– 401 – user is not authorized
17.When the user provides information in the sign up page, the status code should be displayed as per the requirement.
 – 200 – user is signed up and authorized
– 401 – Access denial due to duplicate username
18.When the user provides information in the sign out page, the status code should be displayed as per the requirement.
– 200 - Ok
